the Supreme Court has just ruled that US
presidents have absolute immunity from
criminal charges related to actions
within their constitutional Authority so
what does this mean for the former
president Trump is entitled to at least
presumptive immunity from prosecution of
such acts the decision explains that the
case arose after Trump was indicted for
conspiring to overturn the election
through allegations of voter fraud
claiming that it fell within His
official duties as president and
therefore he could not be prosecuted for
it the justices have sent the case back
to the lower courts ordering them to
determine how to apply this ruling to
Trump's situation Trump Jr hailed the
ruling as solid while Trump himself
argued that a president cannot function
without immunity fearing political
blackmail on the other side Senate
Majority Leader Chuck Schumer slammed
the decision as disgraceful with Justice
Sodor dissenting calling it utterly
indefensible and warning it elevates the
president to a King Above the Law with
the Washington case on Election
overturning also delayed Trump won't be
tried before November because